Introduce Console formatter for Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Console" (#439)
elastic/ecs-dotnet: src/Elastic.Extensions.Logging.Console/README.md

# Elastic.Extensions.Logging.Console

This package includes formatters and extension methods for `Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Console` to make it easy to write ECS formatted logs to consoleoutput.

May be used with `Elastic.Extensions.Logging` to write ECS documents directly to Elasticsearch / Elastic Cloud. 

## Usage

> The console logging provider and formatter can be setup using a simple extension method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The console logging provider and formatter can be set up using a simple extension method.
```
